Data Protection Statement

1. General Information


This website is operated by EismobilAmoruso, Wagnerstraße 11,75173 Pforzheim, Germany, eismobil.amoruso@gmail.com (hereinafter “we“ or “us”). If you have any questions regarding data protection, please contact us at the contact details above.

2. Processing of personal data and transfer to third parties


2.1 Upon use of our website, some personal data are automatically collected about your device (computer, mobile phone, tablet etc.). The IP address currently being used by your device, date, time, browser, operating system of your device, and the pages retrieved are collected. This happens for the purpose of data security, to optimize our range and to improve our website. The personal data is processed on the basis of art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1, letter f) GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). The protection of our website and the optimization of our services represent a legitimate interest on our part.

2.2 If you contact us (e.g., via a request to the contact details provided by us), we will process only such personal data that you have communicated to us and that is necessary to process and answer your request.

2.3 In order to enable the data processing operations stated in this Data Protection Statement, e.g., for hosting and maintaining our website, we deploy service providers.

3. Cookies


3.1 In order to design our services attractively and to enable the use of specific functions, we use so-called cookies. They are small text files that are stored on your device. Some of the cookies used by us are deleted after the end of the browser session, i.e., after closing your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us to recognize your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies). You can set your browser so that you are informed about the use of cookies and can decide in each case whether to accept them, accept cookies in certain cases, or generally exclude the acceptance of cookies. You can find further information in this regard in the help tab of your internet browser. If cookies are not accepted, the functionality of the our website may be limited. By accepting our “Cookie-Banner”, you agree to the processing of your personal data by cookies. This personal data is processed on the basis of art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1, letter a) GDPR. In the following, we detail specific cookies.

3.2 We use Adobe Analytics, a service from Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited (4-6 Riverwalk Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Republic of Ireland; "Adobe"). This service uses cookies, which are saved on your device and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website (including your IP address) is transferred to the servers of Adobe in Ireland, is anonymized there, is then transferred in an anonymized form to servers in the US for further processing and is saved there. Adobe uses this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities for the website operator, and in order to perform other services connected to the use of the website and the internet. If prescribed by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Adobe, this information may, if applicable, be transferred to third parties. In no case, is your IP address associated with other Adobe data. You may prevent the installation of cookies by way of a corresponding setting in your browser software. However, we inform you that, in this case, you may have difficulty fully using all functions of this website. By using this website, you declare that you agree to the processing of the data collected about you in the manner described above and for the purpose stated above. You may opt out of the collection of data by Adobe at any time with future effect. You can find further information regarding an opt out at http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html .

3.3 Furthermore, we deploy Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics also uses cookies. The information generated by the cookies on your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and saved there. However, before this transfer, your IP address is shortened by Google within the member states of the European Union or other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transferred to the Google server in the USA and shortened there by way of an exception. On behalf of the website operator, Google uses this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and in order to perform other services connected to the use of the website and the internet with respect to the website operator. The IP address transferred by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. You may prevent the cookies from being saved by way of a corresponding setting in your browser software. Furthermore, you can prevent the collection for Google of the data that is generated by the cookies, based on your use of the website (incl. your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the following browser plug-in available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

3.4 We also use third-party advertising cookies for advertising purposes. These cookies enable us to tailor advertising displayed in your browser to your interests based on your browsing behaviour. We use the following advertising cookie(s):

a) We use Facebook Pixel, a tool operated by Facebook Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are an EU resident, by Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”), on our website for the analysis, optimisation and economic operation of the website. With the help of Facebook Pixel, Facebook can also determine the visitors to our website as the target group for the display of Facebook ads. Therefore, we use Facebook Pixel to display the Facebook ads we publish only to Facebook users who have shown interest in our website. This means that we use Facebook Pixel to ensure that our Facebook ads match the potential interest of users and do not bother them. We may also use Facebook Pixel to track the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes by looking at whether users have been redirected to our website after clicking on a Facebook ad (known as a “Conversion” or “User Interaction”). In this case, the legal basis of the processing is Article 6(1)(a), first sentence, GDPR. Facebook Pixel is used directly by Facebook when you visit our website and may set a cookie on your device. If you then log into Facebook or visit Facebook while logged in, your visit to our website will be recorded in your profile. The data collected about you is anonymous to us, so it does not give us any information about the identity of the users. However, Facebook stores and processes the data so there might be a connection to the respective user profile. This means that user profiles can be created from the processed data. Facebook processes the data in accordance with Facebook's privacy policy. For more information on how Facebook Pixel works and how Facebook ads are displayed, see Facebook's privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy . You can opt out of the collection and use of your data by Facebook Pixel to display Facebook Ads. To set the types of ads you see on Facebook, you can visit the page set up by Facebook and follow the instructions about the settings for usage-based ads: https://www.facebook.com/adpreferences/ad_settings . The settings are platform-independent, i.e. they can be applied to all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices. You can also opt out of the use of cookies for tracking and advertising purposes: via the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page http://optout.networkadvertising.org and additionally via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices or the European website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices/ . You can manage your privacy settings via the onsite button of our website.

3.5 We take technical precautions to pseudonymise the data collected about you through analysis and/or advertising cookies. After pseudonymisation, the data can no longer possible be directly associated to the user.

3.6 By clicking on “accept” in our “cookie banner”, you consent to the processing of your personal data using analytics and advertising cookies for the above purposes. The processing of this personal data takes place on the basis of Article 6(1)(a), first sentence, GDPR.

4. Provision of personal data and storage periods


Your personal data is provided on a voluntary basis. You are not legally obliged to provide us with your personal data. If you do not want to provide us with your personal data, it does not have any consequences for you other than you cannot use our services. Personal data that you provide to us via our website are only saved until the purpose for which it was processed has been served. Deviating storage periods may arise from a legitimate interest on our part (e.g., to guarantee data security and to prevent abuse). Personal data, which we must save due to statutory or contractual storage obligations, are blocked.

5. Your rights


To exercise your rights as per the GDPR to

· information on the processing of your personal data and a copy of this data (art. 15 GDPR),

· correction and completion of incorrect and incomplete personal data (art. 16 GDPR),

· deletion of your personal data and if it has been made public, that we inform the other responsible parties of the application for deletion (art. 17 GDPR),

· a restriction regarding the processing of your personal data (art. 18 GDPR),

· data portability so that you are given your personal data in structured, established and machine-readable format and the right to transfer this data to another responsible party without obstruction by us (art. 20 GDPR),

· revocation of an issued consent; the revocation does not affect the legality of the processing undertaken on the basis on the consent before the revocation (art. 7 GDPR), and

· an objection to the data processing (art. 21 GDPR),

you can contact us at any time at the contact details stated in no. 1. In addition, you have the right to raise a complaint at the competent supervisory authority, if you regard the data processing to be incompatible with the GDPR (art. 77 GDPR).

As of: May 2018/ AG
